Gave the Tang family 50,000 dollars
Paid hospital bills again
I don't have much cash left.
Want to move on to the next project
I need more money.
master
Hey, hey, Li Yi
You're not going to borrow money from me, are you?
Let's talk about it first
Talking about money?
It's okay to talk about feelings, come on
How much money can you make with this stuff?
You will follow me in the future.
I will bring you money
Be human, you still want to pull me with you
Betting shit, I've stopped gambling long ago
You don't have good connections in the antique circle.
I want to participate in the largest antique auction in Jiangcheng
You keep me busy
Make fun of me!
Also play antiques
You know this antique is not like your gambling
It takes more than luck
It also requires professional and strong qualities
Besides, you know ancient Arleigh
I tell you don't tease me
These two brands
But I asked for it from my wife
Otherwise, our worth will be added together
It's not enough for admission, don't worry.
master
Now the auction grade is getting lower and lower
Any cat or dog can come in